Issue#47: Improve Top Navigation content (#1313)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/navigation-top.md

## Set the top navigation

For a category to appear in the top navigation of a store, complete the following steps:

> ### Step 1: Create a Category

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Create a category
```

## Set the top navigation

> In order for the desired category to appear in the top navigation of your store, you need to complete the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a category to appear in the top navigation of a store, complete the following steps:
```

Author: Done ✅

### Step 1: Create a Category

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Catalog** > **Categories**.

> 1. Set **Store View** to determine where the new category is to be available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set a **Store View** to determine where the new category is to be available.
```

Author: Done ✅

1. In the category tree, select the parent category of the new category.

   {:.bs-callout-info}

>    The parent is one level above the new category. Since this category name does not appear as an option in the menu, make sure your new category has Level2 and not root.

Reviewer 2: See if this can be clarified and just added to the step above. Not sure if 'Level2' is correct.

Author: I have deleted this one, in the "Levels" clarification there is a description about the root category 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78729171/120534584-b0bef400-c3ea-11eb-9e8d-36fb556e1135.png)

>    {:.bs-callout-info}

Reviewer 2: Please remove this warning.

Author: Done ✅

   If you’re starting from the beginning without any data, there might be only two categories in the list: _Default Category_, which is the root, and an _Example category_.

1. Click <span class="btn">Add Subcategory</span>.

1. Complete the basic information with following settings:

>    - set **Enable Category** to `Yes`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   -  **Enable Category** set to `Yes`
```
for both.

Author: Done ✅

   - set **Include in Menu** to `Yes`

1. In Display Setting set **Anchor** to `Yes`.

> 1. Complete the other [category setting]({% link catalog/category-create.md %}) information, if necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Complete any other required [category settings]({% link catalog/category-create.md %}).
```

Author: Done ✅
